Rewrite installation and invocation instructions using Composer (#140)
hamstar/Wikimate: README.md

Install it with your preferred package management tool
(for example, on Ubuntu Linux you can run: `sudo apt-get install php`)

The recommended way to install this library is with Composer.
Composer is a dependency management tool for PHP
that allows you to declare the dependencies your project needs
and installs them into your project.

Install Composer by following the instructions [here](https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md).

> Then, download Wikimate and initialise it by running:

Reviewer: Perhaps in addition to the comma removal, reordering the sentence can make it clearer that the downloading is not a step to be performed manually:

```suggestion
Then, run the following command to download Wikimate and initialise it:
```

Also, it might be a nice touch to specify where this command should be run (e.g. "run the following command in your project's folder").

Author: Good idea, done.

```sh
composer require hamstar/Wikimate
```

(or `composer.bat require hamstar/Wikimate` if you're on Windows).

To use Wikimate within another project, you can add it as a Composer dependency
by adding the following to your existing `composer.json` file:

```json
{
    "require": {
        "hamstar/Wikimate": "^0.15.0"
    }
}
```

You can find out more on how to install Composer,
configure autoloading, and other best-practices for defining dependencies
at [getcomposer.org](https://getcomposer.org).

## Usage

> In your script file (e.g. `index.php`), include the project's `autoload.php` file,

Reviewer: Why is "the project's `autoload.php`" better than "Wikimate's `autoload.php`"? Am I missing something?

Author: A project has only one `autoload.php`. If Wikimate is "merely" a dependency in a bigger project, specifying "Wikimate's" file would be confusing. It is a library after all; as developers we're the only ones using Wikimate as our main project.

Reviewer: Ah, gotcha. Thanks for clarifying :)

Install it with your preferred package management tool
(for example, on Ubuntu Linux you can run: `sudo apt-get install php`)

The recommended way to install this library is with Composer.
Composer is a dependency management tool for PHP
that allows you to declare the dependencies your project needs
and installs them into your project.

Install Composer by following the instructions [here](https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md).

Then, run the following command in your project's folder
to download Wikimate and initialise it:

```sh
composer require hamstar/Wikimate
```

(or `composer.bat require hamstar/Wikimate` if you're on Windows).

To use Wikimate within another project, you can add it as a Composer dependency
by adding the following to your existing `composer.json` file:

```json
{
    "require": {

>         "hamstar/Wikimate": "^0.15.0"

Reviewer 2: It doesn't matter massively before 1.0, but I'd suggest writing this as the slightly more lenient `^0.15`. This is because (once the trailing zero becomes a 1 or whatever), if a project depends on two libraries that both depend on Wikimate, there's less chance of version conflicts. This doesn't really matter before 1.0, and anyway it's probably not that likely for multiple libraries to depend on Wikimate, so feel free to ignore this comment! :-)

Author: > It doesn't matter massively before 1.0, but I'd suggest writing this as the slightly more lenient `^0.15`. This is because (once the trailing zero becomes a 1 or whatever), if a project depends on two libraries that both depend on Wikimate, there's less chance of version conflicts. This doesn't really matter before 1.0, and anyway it's probably not that likely for multiple libraries to depend on Wikimate, so feel free to ignore this comment! :-)

Thanks, I made the change.
But I am sort of wondering if what you wrote applies more to `~1.0` rather than `^1.0` (1.0.0 will indeed be our next release).

Per [the documentation](https://getcomposer.org/doc/articles/versions.md#next-significant-release-operators) my understanding is that `^1.0.0` will allow ">=1.0.0 <2.0.0" and is thus very lenient, while `~1.0.0` allows only ">1.0.0 <1.1.0" and thus indeed increases the risk of a version conflict. But I'm new to this, so open to enlightenment. :)
